When would you want to use a remote repository
rather than keeping all your work local?
-You would want to use a remote repository for
several reasons.First, if you are working with
other people, it would be useful, because you
would be able to work on the project together.
Second, if the project you are working is
critical, you would not want your drive to be
the single place where you hold your project,
because your storage can fail, which will leave
you without your project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually
rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with
your remote repository?
-One reason that comes to mind is that git does not know
the logic of your project, and because of that, it can
probably make some confusing commits that would not
be very useful to you if you wanted to go back and
check some of the work you have done.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.
When would you use one instead of another?
	* Branch - branches happen on a single repository. You can
  push and pull branches, to different repositories, but when
  you create one, you create it on a single repository.
	* Clone - cloning is taking an existing repository, and
  making another one just like it. The thing here is that
  when you clone a repository, it becomes completely separate
  from the original, and any changes you make to the original,
  will not be applied to the clone repository.
	* Fork - a fork is done in github. When you fork someone
  else's repository to your name, you get a copy of the
  original repository under your name. This copy gets
  updated every time the original repository is updated.
  You can clone your fork localy and make changes to your
  copy and it will not affect the original repository.
  If you want the changes you have made to your repository
  to be applied to the original repository, you have to
  make a pull request to the original repository(the one
  you do not own). This pull request will have to be approved
  by the owner of the original repository.



	What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known
	state of the remote stored locally?
	-The benefit is, probably, that you can work on it
	and make change offline.


	How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?
	What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	- If I did not have github,I would probably save different
	version of my file every time I make a change and add my
	name to the file, so that everyone knows it was me who made
	the changes. This would require no knowledge about GitHub
	and git command. However, it would make everyone's work
	harder because this method is prone to many errors.


	When would you want to make changes in a separate branch
	rather than directly in master? What benefits does each
	approach have?
	- You would want to make changes on a separate branch
	whenever you are developing a new feature, and you are
	sure that your code will break at some point.
